What is the greatest song of all time? Oh, objectively speaking.
The greatest song of all time.
I, I suppose that could change moment to moment, day to day.
But if you were forced to answer for this particular moment in your life,
that's something that pops to mind. This could be both philosophically.
This could be technically as a musician. Like, will you enjoy maybe lyric?
Like for me, mm-hmm, <affirmative>, it's lyrics is very important.
So absolutely I would probably would be, uh, my choice would be lyrics.
Based. I don't want to answer in terms of just technical, uh, you know,
technical prowes I think technical prowes is impressive.
Right? It's just like, it's impressive. What can be done?
I wouldn't place that into the category of the greatest music ever written some
classical music. Uh,
that's that's written is undeniably beautiful,
but I don't want to consider that category of music either.
Uh, just because, you know, so if I, if I to limit, uh,
the scope of philosophical discussion, uh, to,
you know, the kind music that I listen to, you know,
probably what's my age again, by blink 180 2, it's just, you know,
it's a solid one. It's got, you know, <laugh>.
Said nobody ever that's a good song. Its I don't know if you're.
Joking. No, no, I am. I am joking. It's a good one. But it's was yeah.
I mean think.
Back is a close second.
<Laugh>.
What's my age you get, oh.
Yeah, no, I mean it would probably, you know, songwriting wise,
I think the Beatles came pretty close to.
Were they influential to you? Like the Beatles? Yeah.
Love the Beatles. I love the Beatles.
Uh, would it be yesterday?
Yeah, like straw, I think strawberry feels forever is, is one, you know, what,
what, one of my favorite beetles songs is it's uh, you know, in my life,
right. That song it's, it's hard to imagine how whatever,
a 24 year old yeah. Who wrote that it is one of the most, uh,
introspective pieces of music ever, you know,
I'm a huge pink Floyd fan. And so I think, you know, if you were to,
you can sort of look at the entire dark side of the moon album and as,
you know,
getting pretty close up there to the pinnacle of what you know can be created.
So, you know, time's a great song. Yeah. It's a great.
Song. There's just the entirety of just the instruments, the lyrics,
the, the, the, the feeling created by a song like pink Floyd
can create feelings, the entire experience. I mean,
you have that with the wall of just, uh,
transporting you into another place songs.
Don't not many songs could do that as, as well.
Not many artists can do that as well as pink Floyd did.
There are a lot of bands that you can kind of say, oh yeah,
like if you take blink 180 2, right. If you have no idea,
like if you are listening to sort of that type of pop punk for the first time,
it's difficult to differentiate between blink 180 2 and like some 41.
And the thousand of other are like lesser known.
Bands that all sounded, they all had that sparkling production, uh,
feel, they all kind of sounded the same. Yeah. Uh, right. When it,
with pink Floyd, it's hard to find another band that you're like, well,
is this one pink Floyd? Or like, you know yeah.
When you're listening to what you were listening to,
that the uniqueness that that's fascinating, you know,
in the calculation of the greatest song in the greatest band of all time,
you could probably,
you could probably actually quantify this like scientifically mm-hmm
<affirmative> is like how unique, uh, if you play a different songs,
how well are people able to re eyes, whether it's this band or not, and that,
you know, that's probably a huge component to greatness.
Like if the world would miss it, if it was gone. Yes.
Yes. So.
But there's also the human story. Things like I would say,
I output Johnny Cass's cover of hurt mm-hmm <affirmative> as one of the greatest
songs of all time. And that has less to do with the song.
But your interaction with it.
Interaction with it, but also the human,
the full story of the human mm-hmm <affirmative>. So like, it's not just,
if I just heard the song, it'd be like, okay, that,
but if it it's the full story of it also the video component for that particular
song. So like that you can't discount the full experience of.
It. Absolutely. You know, I have no confusion about not about being,
you know, anywhere, uh, you know, in, in that lean.
But I just like, uh, sometimes think about, you know, music that is being,
uh, produced today feels oftentimes like,
like kind of clothes,
like clothes that you buy at like H and M and you wear three
times before they rip and you throw away. So like,
so much of it is it's not bad, it's just kind of forgettable, right?
Like the,
the fact that we're talking about pink Floyd in 2021 is
in itself an interesting, uh, question, why are we talking about pink Floyd?
And it's, there's something unforgettable about them.
And unforgetable about the, the art that they.
Created. That could be the markets that like,
so Spotify's created this kind of market where the,
the incentives for creating music that lasts as much lower,
because there's so much more music, right?
You just want something that shines bright for a short amount of time makes a
lot of money and moves on. And the,
I mean the same thing you see with the news and all those kinds of things,
we're just living in a shorter and shorter, shorter, like, uh,
timescale in terms of our attention spans. And that, um, nevertheless,
when we look at the long arc of history of music,
perhaps there will be some songs from today that will last as much as pink Floyd
were just unable to see it. Yeah. Just a collected works of Nickelback.
<laugh> exactly. You, you never know, you know, Justin Bieber it could have,
oh yeah. It could be a competitor.
I've recently started listening to Justin Bieber just to understand what people
are talking about. And, you know,
I'll just keep my comments to myself on that one. It's too good to explain it.
The words not capture the greatness. That is the BES.